on the roof to your left but we've only
been here but our why don't you try to
relive I've got a job to do
I know that coming out the door on the
nearest balcony
on your left coming out the door on the
nearest balcony on your left coming out
the door on the nearest about
on the roof to your right on your left
coming out the door on the far balcony
on your left street level
impetus from down the street on your
left on your left street-level
there must be a hole in my pocket on
your left
street level coming out the front door
of the hotel
coming out the front door of the hotel
from down the street on your left
I'm covering the neck stretch get to
apartment 12 and wait for my signal
oh and make sure to conceal your weapon
commotion
I heard he plans to marry the American
girl strange but America is a strange
country she may be crazy but she is
attractive ah but you're invariably
attracted I'm in position
good it's almost there
he comes get ready on your right coming
around the building
you just lost yourself a customer this
guy is too much on you're right coming
around the building a little bit I'm
around the building before the thieves
move in like vultures second-story
window one who left
second-story window
oh no left
second-story window on the left heading
toward you watch room to pass in front
of the right window
actually children you don't have to tell
me that I was standing right here a
little humility might suit you I'm
teasing we make a pretty good team damn
they must have spotted you there's a
group of thugs heading your way how many
looks like six of them can you handle it
of course I can I'll meet you at the
hotel in an hour all right take care of
yourself first I'm gonna take care of
some evildoers